Marketing is the channel through which a product is exposed to a potential customer who can buy or subscribe. Over the time marketing is used to persuade the customer to buy the product through multiple approaches. One type of such marketing is Direct Marketing. Direct marketing is the process through which the company gets in direct contact to the customers, either via face to face meeting or through a phone call to get them introduced to the product and persuade them to buy it. Of these two types of direct marketing techniques the financial and banking institutions prefers the phone call method as the customer base is high and also the cost involved in this type is relatively less. 
The major attributes which helps in optimizing the cost of marketing via phone call is the amount of time spent with the potential customers. But it is very less to impossible to find a potential customer via phone calls and most of the time the salespeople tend to spend more time with the customers who might not interested in the product. This will add up to the operational cost and will have a direct impact in the profit. This is where the data driven approach can be used to predict the potential customer, so that most of the time can be concentrated on these customers. 
The data taken for the project is one such dataset that belongs to  direct marketing through phone calls where the main objective is to classify the potential customers who can subscribe to the term deposit. This belongs to a Portuguese bank dated from May 2008 to November 2010. The main purpose of this project is to create a predictive machine learning model, using various supervised classification models and identifying the best model that can classify the potential customers from the dataset who might be able to subscribe to the term deposit based on the given features. This will in turn help to find the features which have higher impact on the outcome.
